College, at least for me, was so different than high school. I's like
apples and oranges. As a list, number one, the time that you're going
is a lot different. In high school, it's eight hours, it's kind of,
like, a full-time job. In college, your classes, my classes were sporadic,
they're all over the places. Monday, I would have a three hour
class. Tuesday I'd have no classes. Wednesday and Thursday, I'd
have a two hour in the morning and two hour at night. So, there's a
lot more freedom. However, you might realize, "Hey, you know what? You
go to school less in college. It's quite the opposite. You actually
study more in school, in college." So, that three hour class that
I had on Monday, it's going to have six hours of homework, of things
that I have to do, of reading, of getting together with group mates,
of going to the lecture and asking questions and, which leads me
to the second point, that no one is going to babysit you. In high school,
the professor says, "You didn't do your homework. Well, why not?"
Then, if you don't do it, like, five or six times in a row, they
might talk to your parents or they might give you some kind of meaningful
feedback. In college, they just give you a grade. Yes, there
are people that care about you. Yes, if you go to them, then they will
be open with you about what you should and shouldn't learn. However,
if you don't want to learn and you want to take your F, then, no
one there will stop you. In fact, they don't really pay attention until
you finally take your final test and you get that F. So, it's all
up to you. So, the hours are different. The amount of time that you
have to spend in college is a lot more and no one's going to babysit
you. Those the two ways that high school is different than college.